Add a sample for modern QDK project with Python (#1721)
microsoft/qsharp: samples/python_interop/generating_n_random_bits/README.md

# Passing arguments from Python to Q# and processing measurement results in Python

> In this example, a Q# program generates an array of random bits based on a user-defined number of bits (`nQubits`), which determines the range for random bit generation. The program creates a random bit sequence by applying an $H$ gate to the qubits. The Python program then processes the resulting array of bits by counting the number of `One`s and displays this count along with the array of random bits and the integer representation of the generated bits.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example, a Q# program generates an array of random bits of user-defined length (`nQubits`). The program creates a random bit sequence by applying an $H$ gate to each of the qubits, measuring them, and returning the measurement results. The Python program then processes the resulting array of bits by counting the number of `One`s and displays this count along with the array of random bits and the integer representation of the generated bits.
```

> # A simple Q# program to generate an array of N random bits and Python program to count the number of 1s returned in the result array

Reviewer: The core of this sample is what it illustrates (Python interop) rather than what exactly it does, so I'd focus on that:
```suggestion
# Passing arguments from Python to Q# and processing measurement results in Python
```

> ## Description

Reviewer: You'll need to update description to match the code change, and we don't need subtitle here
